# 0 - The Fool

* The Fool gets the **Lucky** ability.
* The Fool treats "The Fool" as a true wildcard and can use it in place of any other card, in any situation.

themes:
 - luck, chance, recklessness, hoping things just work out
 - wildcards
 - clown/joker
 - the fool starts out as a joke character but their abilities snowball over time

## Narrative Ability: YOLO
* Generate a YOLO token: when the fool takes an action that is random, reckless, or foolish, they can request that the GM provide them with a narrative ability token.
* Spend a YOLO token: the fool can request to the GM that the universe provides a hint, accident, mistake or deus ex machina to move the plot forward.

## Signature Abilities:

### Kitchen Sink
_Concoct either an unlikely weapon or an unlikely helmet from detritus in the setting._

* Place The Fool on the Kitchen Sink.
* Place any card on either Unlikely Weapon or Unlikely Helmet.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Fool.
* Mark 3 Corruption Points on Kitchen Sink to gain No More Mister Knife Guy.

#### Item - Unlikely Weapon
* You cannot play a card on Unlikely Weapon unless through the Kitchen Sink ability.
* While there is a card on Unlikely Weapon, add +2 to damage generated by abilities.
* If you find another Weapon, either ignore/discard that weapon or remove the card from Unlikely Weapon.
* At the end of the day, remove the card from Unlikely Weapon.

#### Item - Unlikely Helmet
* You cannot play a card on Unlikely Helmet unless through the Kitchen Sink ability.
* While there is a card on Unlikely Helmet, add +2 to shields generated by abilities.
* If you find another Helmet, either ignore/discard that helmet or remove the card from Unlikely Helmet.
* At the end of the day, remove the card from Unlikely Helmet.

#### No More Mister Knife Guy
_Where do these knives keep coming from? Why do you always seem to have one?_

* Place The Fool on No More Mister Knife Guy and take 1 Corruption Point.
* Place any card on either Sharp Knife or Spectral Cap n' Bells.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Fool.

#### Item - Sharp Knife (Weapon)
* You cannot play a card on Sharp Knife unless through the No more Mister Knife Guy ability.
* While there is a card on Sharp Knife, add +5 to damage generated by abilities.
* If you find another Weapon, either ignore/discard that weapon or remove the token from Sharp Knife.
* At the end of combat, remove the token from Sharp Knife.

#### Item - Spectral Cap n' Bells (Helmet)
* You cannot play a card on Spectral Cap n' Bells unless through the No more Mister Knife Guy ability.
* While there is a card on Spectral Cap n' Bells, add +5 to shields generated by abilities.
* If you find another Helmet, either ignore/discard that helmet or remove the token from Spectral Cap n' Bells.
* At the end of combat, remove the token from Spectral Cap n' Bells.


### Laughter
_Stop fighting and just laugh for a while._

* Place The Fool on Laughter, as well as _any other Minor Arcana from your hand that you choose_.
* Remove all cards but The Fool from your deck for the remainder of the Day.
* Deal damage equal to the numerical values of all removed cards.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Fool.
* Mark 3 Corruption Points on Laughter to gain Slaughter.

#### Slaughter
_The laughter is growing increasingly deranged and it doesn't seem like you control it anymore._

* Place The Fool on Slaughter, as well as one additional Minor Arcana card from your hand, and take 1 Corruption Point.
* Remove the card from your deck permanently.
* Deal damage equal to five times the numerical value of the removed card.
* Slaughter can not be used more than once per day.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Fool.


### Blackjack
_Your fighting style has been described as "unpredictable" and "lurching"_

* Place Minor Arcana cards of suit Cups or Swords on Blackjack.
* Cards sitting on Blackjack remain there.
* When the sum of the numerical values on the cards reaches (or exceeds) 21:
* * Discard all cards on Blackjack
* * Deal 2 Damage (Strong: 3 Damage, Weak: 1 Damage), plus one extra damage for every token on Blackjack
* * Gain 2 Shields (Fast: 3 Shields, Slow: 1 Shield), plus one extra damage for every token on Blackjack
* * Add a token to Blackjack
* At the end of the combat, remove all tokens from Blackjack
* Mark 3 Corruption Points on Blackjack to gain Hit Me

#### Hit Me
_Your fighting style has been described as "brutal" and "surprising"_

* Place The Fool on Hit Me
* Take 1 Corruption Point or discard a Justice from your hand to put 3 tokens on Blackjack
* Discard The Fool from Hit Me

### Everyone Loves a Parade
_You're being extremely distracting_.

* Place any card on Everyone Loves a Parade.
* Once a card has been placed on Everyone Loves a Parade, the next card must be either one higher than the highest card on Everyone Loves a Parade, or one lower than the lowest card on Everyone Loves a Parade.
* (So, for example, when a 5 of Swords and 6 of Pentacles are placed on Run Away, the next card must be a 4, or 7, of any Suit.)
* When there are 3 cards on Everyone Loves a Parade, every Adversary is forced to redraw their Intent, then discard all cards on Everyone Loves a Parade
* Mark 3 Corruption Points on Everyone Loves a Parade to gain You're Driving Me Crazy

### You're Driving Me Crazy
* When Everyone Loves a Parade's effect triggers, you may also take 1 Corruption Point or discard a Chariot from your hand to force one adversary to discard their Intent for the turn.

### Throwaway Joke
_Reaching into your side pockets, you retrieve a random object that will either help or hurt: a rock, some gum, an old ticket..._

* Place any Minor Arcana on Throwaway Joke.
* Draw the top card from the deck.
* * If it is a Major Arcana, nothing happens.
* * If it is a Sword, deal 3 Damage.
* * If it is a Cup, gain 3 Shields
* * If it is a Wand, deal 1 Ranged Damage.
* * If it is a Pentacle, everybody gains 1 Shield.
* Discard the Minor Arcana, and any card drawn.
* Mark 3 Corruption Points on Throwaway Joke to gain Surprise Twist

### Surprise Twist
_Reaching into your side pockets, you retrieve a random object that will either help or hurt: a very long pistol, a full-sized two-handed hammer, a car, a bomb..._

* While using Throwaway Joke:
* * If the card drawn is The Hierophant, The Emperor, The Hermit, The Moon, add it to your hand
* * If the card drawn is The Chariot, you may move 1 Zone and add it to your hand
* * If the card drawn is Death, deal 150 Magic Ranged Damage.
* * If the card drawn is the Wheel of Fortune, flip a coin: on a heads, deal 50 Magic Ranged Damage. On a Tails: take 1 Corruption Point.
* * If the card drawn is Judgement, deal 10 Magic Ranged Damage to all Adversaries and take 1 Corruption Point.
* * If the card drawn is The World, heal everybody's HP to full and take 1 Corruption Point.
* * If the card drawn is The Tower: take 1 Corruption Point