## ♈︎ Aries
_The ram is quick and nimble._

### Combat - Dodge
* Place The Magician on Aries.
* While Aries has a card on it, any shields the player generates are multiplied by 2 (Clever: 3).
* You may discard the card played on Aries whenever you choose.

### Skill - Agility
* Use Aries to make a Skill check for a skill marked "Fast" as if it were Easy, once per Day.

## ♉︎ Taurus
_The bull is an unstoppable force._

### Combat - Rage
* Place The Magician on Taurus.
* While Taurus has a card on it, any non-Magic damage the player generates is multiplied by 2 (Clever: 3).
* You may discard the card played on Taurus whenever you choose.

### Skill - Strength
* Use Taurus to make a Skill check for a skill marked "Strong" as if it were Easy, once per Day.

## ♋︎ Cancer
_The crab is a master of defense._

### Combat - Shell
* Place The Magician on Cancer.
* Either:
   * Generate 15 Shields (Clever: 30) or
   * Generate 8 Shields and 8 Shields for all allies in your Zone (Clever: 16 each)
* Discard the card played on Cancer at the end of the turn.

### Skill - Bubble
* Use Cancer to spawn a small, hard, magical force-field around you while exploring Paradise Lua, once per Day
* The bubble lasts for 30 minutes, and holds enough air for all 30 of those minutes.
* If fall damage were a problem (on the Moon, where gravity is not so harsh a mistress), the bubble would protect you from that, too.

## ♌︎ Leo
_The lion is bright and brave._

### Combat - Beam
* Place The Magician on Leo.
* Either:
   * Deal 15 Magic Damage (Clever: 30) or
   * Deal 8 Magic Damage to all Adversaries in your Zone (Clever: 16 each)
* Discard the card played on Leo at the end of the turn.

### Skill - Light
* As often as you want, you can use Leo to cast a bright light in a 30 foot straight line.
* Once per Day, you can use Leo to dramatically reduce the weight of an object.

## ♊︎ Gemini
_The twins are masters of illusion._

### Combat - Twin
* Place The Magician on Gemini.
* Draw 5 Cards (Clever or Wise: 10 Cards)
* Discard the card played on Gemini at the end of the turn.

### Skill - Clone
* Once per Day, you can create an illusory, holographic, silent duplicate of yourself.
* The duplicate cannot interact with, pick up, or touch anything - anything touching the illusory copy will simply go right through.
* The duplicate lasts for about thirty minutes.

## ♐︎ Sagittarius
_The archer is unerring._

### Combat - Arrow
* Place The Magician on Sagittarius.
* Either:
   * Deal 10 Magic Ranged Damage (Clever: 20) or
   * Deal 5 Magic Ranged Damage (Clever: 10) to all Adversaries.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Arrow
* Once per day, name a person, object, or concept. A spectral arrow will appear, and to the best of its ability, it will point towards that thing.
* This arrow is only visible to you, and it only lasts for 30 minutes.

## ♑︎ Capricorn
_The goat... loves the ladies._

### Combat - Capricious
* Place The Magician on Capricorn.
* Capricorn can _only_ be played if you have The High Priestess, The Empress, The Lovers, The Devil, Strength, The Star, The World, or any Queen in hand.
* Either:
   * Deal 40 Magic Ranged Damage (Clever: 80) or
   * Gain 40 Shield (Clever: 80).
* At the end of the turn, discard all cards placed on Capricorn.

### Skill - Loop
* Once per Day, when any player fails a Skill Check, you can use Capricorn to allow them to try again.

## ♎︎ Libra
_The scales of justice weigh all things._

### Combat - Balance
* Place The Magician on Libra.
* While Libra has a card on it, the player generates as much damage and shield as the higher of their damage and shield, each turn.
* The damage generated by Balace is Magic Damage.
* (So, for example, if the player generates 3 Damage and 8 Shield, they have instead generated 3 Damage, 5 Magic Damage and 8 Shield)
* You may choose to discard the card played on Libra at any time.

### Skill - Trade
* Once per Day, you may execute a Swap.
* Anything that's possible to Swap is fair game, so long as the GM agrees that it is a fair trade.
* For example: You can Swap your hair color for a different hair color.
* Or maybe: You can Swap a Spell (even this Spell) for a different Spell.
* If you Swap something with a player, they must agree to the Swap.

## ♏︎ Scorpio
_The scorpion is insidious._

### Combat - Venom
* Place The Magician on Scorpio
* You may choose to discard The Magician from Libra at any time. (It is automatically discarded at end of combat.)
* While Scorpio has a card on it, the player generates 1 Magic Damage every time they draw a card.

### Skill - Puppet
* Once per Day, summon an disembodied spectral hand, controlled by your mind.
* This hand will stick around for about 30 minutes. It moves about as fast as a regular person would.
* This hand can lift up to 5lbs.

## ♓︎ Pisces
_The fish can be elusive, which is why you need a good hook._

### Combat - Fishing
* Place a Magician on Pisces.
* Search your deck for a card (Clever: 2 cards), place it in your hand, and then shuffle the deck.
* You may move any or all Adversaries in the combat to your current Zone.
   * Deal 5 Damage to any Adversary so moved.
   * If they had Flying, they no longer have Flying.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Hook
* Any time you want, throw a spectral grappling hook.
* This can be used to grab distant things or to set up difficult climbs.

## ♒︎ Aquarius
_The water bearer brings life and healing._

### Combat - Heal
* Only players with Charming may use or learn Aquarius.
* Place The Magician on Aquarius.
* You or one ally in your Zone:
   * Regain all hit points or
   * downgrade a Major Injury to its associated Minor Injury or
   * remove a Minor Injury entirely.
* If you are Clever, you may target any Ally, regardless of location.
* Aquarius can not be used more than once per Day.
* Discard the card played on Aquarius at the end of the turn.

### Skill - Heal
* You or an ally may:
   * Downgrade a Major Injury to its associated Minor Injury or
   * remove a Minor Injury entirely.
* Aquarius's heal effect can not be used more than once per day, in or out of combat.

## ♍︎ Virgo
_The maiden is irresistible._

### Combat - Charm
* Only players with Charming may use or learn Virgo.
* Place The Magician on Virgo.
* Choose an Adversary in your Zone:
   * They must discard their current Intent.
   * While a card remains on Virgo, if the Adversary draws a new Intent, and it is not a Sword, discard it.
   * When the Adversary draws a Sword, discard the card used to play Virgo.
   * If you or any ally damages the Adversary, discard the card used to play Virgo.
* If you are Clever, you may target any Adversary, regardless of location.

### Skill - Charm
* Once per Day, Charm an intelligent human, creature or system that you encounter.
* Some creatures may be immune to this effect.
* This human, creature, or system will be:
   * less inclined to attack your party
   * more inclined to help your party
   * easier to convince
   * harder to anger
   * generally a real sweetie-pie.
* This effect ends if the target feels seriously threatened, or after 30 minutes.

## ? Ophiuchus
_The serpent-bearer is mysterious and unpredictable._

### Combat - What
* Only players with Lucky may use or learn Ophiuchus.
* Place The Magician on Ophiuchus.
* Something magical happens.
* What is it?
* You tell me.
* Propose a small, useful magical effect to the GM.
* (As a guideline, it should about half as powerful as the other spells.)
* The GM will decide if it is reasonable.
* If it is, it happens.
* Discard the card played on Ophiuchus at the end of the turn.

### Skill - Improv
* Once per Day, something magical happens.
* What is it?
* You tell me.
* Propose a small, useful magical effect to the GM.
* The GM will decide if it is reasonable.
* (As a guideline, it should about half as powerful as the other spells.)
* If it is, it happens.

