# Magic
Every player starts the game with 1 spell, except for **Dull** players,
who start the game with no spells and cannot learn spells.

Once a spell is chosen, no other players can choose that spell.

The set of spells that no player has chosen remains in the game: some effects take advantage of the set of unchosen spells.

## ♈︎ Aries - Ram

### Combat - Ram's Dodge
* Place The Magician on Aries.
* While Aries has The Magician on it, any shields the player generates are multiplied by 2. (Clever: 3)

### Skill - Ram's Agility
* When making any skill check marked "Fast", you can flip Aries upside-down
to treat that skill as if it were a Chosen Skill for this one skill check.
* Once Aries is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat,
or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♉︎ Taurus - Bull

### Combat - Bull's Strength
* Place The Magician on Aries.
* While Taurus has The Magician on it, any damage the player generates is multiplied by 2. (Clever: 3)

### Skill - Bull's Strength
* When making any skill check marked "Strong", you can flip Taurus upside-down
to treat that skill as if it were a Chosen Skill for this one skill check.
* Once Taurus is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat,
or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♋︎ Cancer - Crab

### Combat - Shell
* Place The Magician on Cancer.
* Generate 15 Defense (Clever: 30 Defense) OR all players gain 6 Defense. (Clever: 12 Defense, Players with Repulsive cannot use this option.)
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Bubble
* If a player would take an Injury while exploring the Moonbase, you can flip Cancer to
prevent that Injury.
* This skill can only be used once per Day.

## ♌︎ Leo - Lion

### Combat - Beam
* Place The Magician on Leo.
* Generate 15 Magic Damage (Clever: 30 Magic Damage) or generate 6 Magic Damage (Clever: 12 Magic Damage, Players with Repulsive cannot use this option.) to all adversaries in the same Zone.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Light
* You can flip Leo upside-down to touch an object. Until the end of the Day, that object will emit soft, white light,
bright enough to illuminate a 30ft dome around the players.
* Once Leo is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat, or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♊︎ Gemini - Twin
Players with Repulsive cannot take or use Gemini.

### Combat - Twin
* Place The Magician on Gemini.
* Draw 5 Cards. (Clever: 10 Cards)
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Twin
* You can flip Gemini upside-down to create an illusory, holographic, silent duplicate of yourself.
* The duplicate cannot interact with, pick up, or touch anything - anything touching the illusory copy will simply go right through.
* The duplicate lasts for about thirty minutes.
* Once Gemini is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat, or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♐︎ Sagittarius - Archer

### Combat - Arrow
* Place The Magician on Sagittarius.
* Generate 10 Magic Ranged Damage (Clever: 20 Ranged Magic Damage) or generate 4 Magic Ranged Damage (Clever: 10 Ranged Magic Damage, Players with Repulsive cannot use this option) to all adversaries.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Arrow
* You can flip Sagittarius upside-down to name a person, object, or concept. A spectral arrow will appear, and to the best of its ability, it will point towards that thing.
* Once Sagittarius is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat, or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♑︎ Capricorn - Goat-horned

### Combat - Capricious
* Place The Magician on Capricorn.
* Draw the top card from your deck.
* If it is a Sword, or a Wand, deal 42 Damage. (Clever: 64 Damage)
* If it is a Cup, or a Pentacle, gain 42 Shields. (Clever: 64 Shields)
* If it is a Fool, choose either damage or shields.
* If any other card: nothing happens.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Goat's Luck
* When any player fails a Skill Check, you can flip Capricorn upside-down.
* They can try again, once.
* Once Capricorn is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat,
or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♎︎ Libra - Scales
Players must have Clever to use or learn Libra.

### Combat - Balance
* Place The Magician on Libra.
* You may choose to discard The Magician from Libra at any time. (It is automatically discarded at end of combat.)
* While Libra has a card on it, the player generates as much damage and defense as the higher of their damage and defense, each turn.
* The damage generated by Balace is Magic Damage
* (So, for example, if the player generates 5 damage and 0 defense, they have instead generated 5 damage and 5 defense)

### Skill - Investigate
* You can flip Libra upside-down to immediately gain a Narrative Ability token.
* Once Libra is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat,
or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♏︎ Scorpio - Scorpion
Players must have Clever to use or learn Scorpio.

### Combat - Venom
* Place The Magician on Scorpio
* You may choose to discard The Magician from Libra at any time. (It is automatically discarded at end of combat.)
* While Scorpio has a card on it, the player generates 1 Magic Damage every time they draw a card.

### Skill - Puppeteer
* Flip Scorpio upside-down to summon an _disembodied spectral hand_, controlled by your mind.
* This hand will stick around for about 30 minutes. It moves about as fast as a regular person would.
* This hand can lift up to 5lbs.

## ♓︎ Pisces - Fish
Players with **Foolish** cannot learn Pisces.

### Combat - Fishy
* Place a Magician on Pisces.
* Search your deck for a card (Clever: 2 cards), place it in your hand, and then shuffle the deck.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Grappling Hook
* You can flip Pisces upside-down to immediately throw a spectral grappling hook.
* This can be used to grab distant things, to set up difficult climbs, or to prevent damage from a fall.
* Once Pisces is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat, or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ♒︎ Aquarius - Water-carrier
Only players with **Charming** may learn Aquarius.

### Combat - Heal
* Place The Magician on Aquarius.
* You OR one ally in your Zone regain all hit points OR downgrade a Major Injury to its associated Minor Injury or remove a Minor Injury entirely.
* At the end of the turn, discard The Magician.
* Aquarius cannot be used again this Day.

### Skill - Heal
* You can flip Aquarius upside-down to downgrade a Major Injury to its associated Minor Injury, or remove a Minor Injury entirely.
* Once Pisces is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Day

## ♍︎ Virgo - Maiden
Only players with **Charming** may learn Virgo.

### Combat - Charm
* Place The Magician on Virgo.
* Select an adversary in combat.
* While The Magician is on Virgo, that adversary cannot attack the players.
* If the adversary takes any damage from the players, or if they are the last adversary remaining in combat, discard The Magician.

### Skill - Charm
* You can flip Virgo upside-down to Charm an intelligent human, creature or system that you encounter.
* This human, creature, or system will be:
* * less inclined to attack your party
* * more inclined to help your party
* * easier to convince
* * harder to anger
* * generally a real sweetie-pie.
* This effect ends if the target feels seriously threatened, or after 30 minutes.
* Once Virgo is upside-down, it can not be used in this way until the next Combat, or the end of the Day, at which point you should flip it back up.

## ⛎ Ophiuchus - Snake Handler
Only players with **Charming** may learn Ophiuchus.

* At The Beginning of Every Day, Draw 3 random unclaimed spells, look at them, and stack them under Ophiuchus.

### Combat - Shuffle
* Place The Magician on Ophiuchus.
* Choose one of the 3 spells under Ophiuchus. Cast that spell (as if a Magician had been played on it) and treat Ophiuchus as that spell until the end of combat.

### Skill - Shuffle
* Choose one of the 3 spells under Ophiuchus. Treat Ophiuchus as that spell until the next Combat, or the end of the Day.